1. Always be respectful to other members. Although this project is about politics, I do not want to see anyone genuinely arguing in the comments about how anarcho capitalism isn’t really anarchy. This is meant to be a cool fun thing to do and spend time on. Don’t ruin it by being an ass There is a three strike policy on this rule. We will warn you twice and ban you on the third offence.
2. Profanity is allowed, but should not be spammed or used in excess. Racial slurs are the only forms of profanity COMPLETELY BANNED. I do not care if you political ideology is authoritarian right, you will be banned if you use a racial slur. There is a 0 tolerance policy on racial slurs.
3. Respect the purpose of each channel. If you want to post memes, jokes, or ironic comments there is a specific channel for that on the discord! Be aware of which channel you are on and what that is intended for. There is a three strike policy on this rule. We will warn you twice and ban you on the third offence.
4.No spamming in the chat. There is a three strike policy on this rule. We will warn you twice and ban you on the third offence.
5.Take the scenarios seriously. While we don’t want people to be hardasses about everything, we also don’t want people presenting legislation that is obviously a meme/low effort. The only exceptions are if your ideology is incredibly wacky, although even then, if it derails the project it might still be removed/ban.
6. Only one solution/bill per scenario. Every week the nation will be presented a scenario to discuss/vote on. Each party presents a single solution.
7.COALITIONS: In order to pass legislation, coalitions amongst parties will most likely have to be formed. If you are planning on doing this, you MUST MESSAGE THEM OUTSIDE OF THE MAIN SERVER! Do not go on a main channel and reveal that you have allied with another party. Coalitions must find ways to interact on their own!
8.Be active! You don’t have to be on every day, but it is important that people contribute and stay active on the discord/project in general. Your party will select a “party leader” who will be in charge of keeping track of all their members/participation. They will notify mods if you have been completely inactive for more than 4 days without explanation.